"query:\~: unread = \"yes\""
"query:---NEWS---:tags # \"-news-\""
https://morss.it/https://www.space.com/feeds/all 	                                -news- ~Space.com News
https://www.nasa.gov/rss/dyn/lg_image_of_the_day.rss                                    -news-
https://www.nasa.gov/rss/dyn/breaking_news.rss 		                                -news- News
https://blogs.nasa.gov/mars2020/feed/?b 		                                -news- News
https://morss.it/https://habr.com/ru/rss/news/                                          -news- "~Habr news" News
https://reddit.com/r/Piracy/search.xml?q=flair:%22News%22&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=all -news- ~/r/Piracy News
https://tg.i-c-a.su/rss/insider_uz                                                                 -news- ~insider.uz
https://tg.i-c-a.su/rss/vstraneoz                                                                  -news- "~In O'z country"
https://tg.i-c-a.su/rss/NovostiUZ                                                                  -news- "~Uzbekistan news"
https://tg.i-c-a.su/rss/mushukkent                                                                 -news- ~mushukkent
https://tg.i-c-a.su/rss/tashzoo                                                                    -news- "~Tashkent zoo"
https://tg.i-c-a.su/rss/Skeptik_i_Co                                                               -news- "~Skeptic & Co."
https://tg.i-c-a.su/rss/rbc_news                                                                   -news- ~RBC
https://feeds.proxeuse.com/?action=display&bridge=TelegramBridge&username=truexanewsua&format=Atom -news- "~tpyxa Ukraine"
https://feeds.proxeuse.com/?action=display&bridge=TelegramBridge&username=military_u&format=Atom   -news- ~UAF
https://feeds.proxeuse.com/?action=display&bridge=TelegramBridge&username=strelkovii&format=Atom   -news- ~Strelkov
https://feeds.proxeuse.com/?action=display&bridge=TelegramBridge&username=grey_zone&format=Atom    -news- "~grey zone"
https://feeds.proxeuse.com/?action=display&bridge=TelegramBridge&username=jolynews&format=Atom     -news- "~Shevtsov's herald"
https://feeds.proxeuse.com/?action=display&bridge=TelegramBridge&username=jolybells&format=Atom    -news- "~Alexei Shevtsov"
"query:---PERSONAL---:tags # \"-personal-\""
https://forums.spacebattles.com/threads/psi-effect-me-xcom-thread-2-rise-of-the-party-boat.307972/threadmarks.rss?threadmark_category_id=1 -personal- "~Psi Effect"
https://feeds.proxeuse.com/?action=display&bridge=TelegramBridge&username=Spectr_IT&format=Atom -personal- "~spectr IT"
https://feeds.proxeuse.com/?action=display&bridge=TelegramBridge&username=remotejobss&format=Atom                                         -personal- "~remote jobs"
"query:---TECH---:tags # \"-tech-\""
https://www.cyberciti.com/atom/atom.xml 	                                        -tech- ~nixCraft Linux
https://lukesmith.xyz/rss.xml 			                                        -tech- "~Luke Smith" Linux
https://morss.it/https://habr.com/ru/rss/all/all/                                       -tech- "~Habr articles"
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/Command-line-fu 	                                        -tech- ~Command-line-fu Linux
http://planet.freedesktop.org/atom.xml 		                                        -tech- ~Freedesktop Linux
https://sizeof.cat/index.xml                                                            -tech-
https://social.kernel.org/users/torvalds.rss                                            -tech- "~Linus Torvalds"
https://feeds.proxeuse.com/?action=display&bridge=TelegramBridge&username=SysadminNotes&format=Atom -tech- "~admin's notes"
https://feeds.proxeuse.com/?action=display&bridge=TelegramBridge&username=netautomation&format=Atom -tech- ~netautomationarea
https://feeds.proxeuse.com/?action=display&bridge=TelegramBridge&username=hacker_frei&format=Atom   -tech- ~xaker
https://feeds.proxeuse.com/?action=display&bridge=TelegramBridge&username=telegram&format=Atom      -tech- ~telegram
https://feeds.proxeuse.com/?action=display&bridge=TelegramBridge&username=tgbeta&format=Atom        -tech- "~telegram beta"
https://feeds.proxeuse.com/?action=display&bridge=TelegramBridge&username=tginfo&format=Atom        -tech- "~telegram info"
https://feeds.proxeuse.com/?action=display&bridge=TelegramBridge&username=durov&format=Atom         -tech- ~Durov
https://feeds.proxeuse.com/?action=display&bridge=TelegramBridge&username=Cherry_gram&format=Atom   -tech- ~cherrygram
"query:---MEMES---:tags # \"-memes-\""
https://feeds.proxeuse.com/?action=display&bridge=TelegramBridge&username=brokencats&format=Atom    -memes- "~broken cats"
https://feeds.proxeuse.com/?action=display&bridge=TelegramBridge&username=gentoomemes&format=Atom   -memes- "~/g/'s Technologic Memes"
https://feeds.proxeuse.com/?action=display&bridge=TelegramBridge&username=FOSSmemes&format=Atom     -memes- "~FOSS memes"
https://feeds.proxeuse.com/?action=display&bridge=TelegramBridge&username=gnutard&format=Atom       -memes- "~am I an electric sheep?"
https://feeds.proxeuse.com/?action=display&bridge=TelegramBridge&username=dev_meme&format=Atom      -memes- ~dev_meme
"query:---SHOP---:tags # \"-shop-\""
https://feeds.proxeuse.com/?action=display&bridge=TelegramBridge&username=agecomputer&format=Atom      -shop- ~age.uz
https://feeds.proxeuse.com/?action=display&bridge=TelegramBridge&username=ingameuz&format=Atom         -shop- ~ingame.uz
https://feeds.proxeuse.com/?action=display&bridge=TelegramBridge&username=gshopuz&format=Atom          -shop- ~gshop.uz
https://feeds.proxeuse.com/?action=display&bridge=TelegramBridge&username=Dota2SkinChanger&format=Atom -shop- "~dota 2 skin changer"
"query:---TWITTER---:tags # \"-twitter-\""
https://nitter.privacydev.net/Asmongold/rss 	                                        -twitter- ~Asmongold warcraft
https://nitter.privacydev.net/Project_F4NV/rss 	                                        -twitter- ~F4NV mods
https://nitter.privacydev.net/VtM_Bloodlines/rss 	                                -twitter- "~VtMB 2"
https://nitter.privacydev.net/epsilonwow/rss 	                                        -twitter- ~EpsilonWOW warcraft
"query:---ART---:tags # \"-art-\""
https://reactor.cc/rss/user/username/GraySkull 	                                        -art- ~GraySkull
https://reactor.cc/rss/tag/Jorsch  	                                                -art- ~Jorsch
https://reactor.cc/rss/tag/spaceMAXmarine	                                        -art- ~spaceMAXmarine
https://www.artstation.com/ravenor.rss 		                                        -art- ~Ravenor
https://www.artstation.com/sjursen.rss 		                                        -art- ~Sjursen
https://nitter.privacydev.net/elvenbacon/rss                                            -art- "~Elven Bacon"
https://nitter.privacydev.net/ratopomboart/rss 		                                -art- ~RaToPombo
https://nitter.privacydev.net/randomtanstudio/rss                                       -art- ~randomtanstudio
https://nitter.privacydev.net/baiyun_cat/rss                                            -art- "~Baiyun Cat"
https://nitter.privacydev.net/Artist_Polly/rss                                          -art- "~Polly's art"
https://www.artstation.com/svelien.rss                                                  -art- "~Svetlana Nurkaeva"
"query:---REACTOR---:tags # \"-reactor-\""
https://reactor.cc/rss/tag/dota 		                                            -reactor- ~Dota
https://reactor.cc/rss/tag/Anti-Mage+Persona 	                                            -reactor- "~Anti-Mage Persona"
https://reactor.cc/rss/tag/XCOM 		                                            -reactor- ~XCOM
https://reactor.cc/rss/tag/blizzard 		                                            -reactor- ~Blizzard warcraft
https://reactor.cc/rss/tag/warcraft+art 		                                    -reactor- ~Warcraft warcraft
https://reactor.cc/rss/tag/dunmer 		                                            -reactor- ~Dunmer
https://reactor.cc/rss/tag/The+Elder+Scrolls                                                -reactor- "~The Elder Scrolls"
https://reactor.cc/rss/tag/mass+effect 		                                            -reactor- "~Mass Effect"
https://reactor.cc/rss/tag/fallout+art 		                                            -reactor- ~Fallout
https://reactor.cc/rss/tag/Naruto 		                                            -reactor- ~Naruto
https://reactor.cc/rss/tag/Hazbin+Hotel 	                                            -reactor- "~Hazbin Hotel"
https://reactor.cc/rss/tag/Helltaker 		                                            -reactor- ~Helltaker
https://reactor.cc/rss/tag/Lovecraft+art                                                    -reactor- ~Lovecraft
https://reactor.cc/rss/tag/ElvenBacon                                                       -reactor- ~ElvenBacon
https://reactor.cc/rss/tag/%D0%98%D0%B3%D1%80%D0%BE%D0%B2%D0%BE%D0%B9+%D0%B0%D1%80%D1%82    -reactor- "~Game art"
https://reactor.cc/rss/tag/Warhammer+40000                                                  -reactor- "~Warhammer:40000"
https://reactor.cc/rss/tag/Warhammer+Fantasy                                                -reactor- "~Warhammer Fantasy"
https://reactor.cc/rss/tag/mlp+%D0%BC%D0%B8%D0%BB%D0%B8%D1%82%D0%B0%D1%80%D0%B8%D0%B7%D0%BC -reactor- "~Equestria at War"
https://reactor.cc/rss/tag/mlp+art 		                                            -reactor- ~MLP
"query:---GAMES---:tags # \"-games-\""
https://store.steampowered.com/feeds/news/app/440900 	                                -games- "~Conan Exiles"
https://store.steampowered.com/feeds/news/app/975370 	                                -games- "~Dwarf Fortress"
https://store.steampowered.com/feeds/news/app/108600 	                                -games- "~Project Zomboid"
https://store.steampowered.com/feeds/news/app/1361210 	                                -games- "~Warhammer:40k - Darktide"
https://store.steampowered.com/feeds/news/app/1794680 	                                -games- "~Vampire Survivors"
https://fractalsoftworks.com/feed/ 			                                -games- "~Starsector"
https://grabfreegames.com/rss				                                -games- "~Free Games"
"query:---TWITCH---:tags # \"-twitch-\""
https://twitchrss.appspot.com/vod/asmongold 		                                -twitch- ~Asmongold warcraft
https://twitchrss.appspot.com/vod/zackrawrr 		                                -twitch- ~Zackrawwr warcraft
https://twitchrss.appspot.com/vod/tommykaylive 		                                -twitch- ~TommyKay  paradox
https://twitchrss.appspot.com/vod/joshstrifehayes 	                                -twitch- "~Josh Strife"
https://twitchrss.appspot.com/vod/zeplahq 		                                -twitch- ~Zepla
"query:---YOUTUBE TECH---:tags # \"-video_tech-\""
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6bTF68IAV1okfRfwXIP1Cg 	        -video_tech-  ~itpedia
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCk73U4QT3cNDvqb_PaWM8AA 	        -video_tech-  ~Jolygolf
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCM7-8EfoIv0T9cCI4FhHbKQ 	        -video_tech-  "~Alexei Shevtsov"
https://videos.lukesmith.xyz/feeds/videos.xml?videoChannelId=2 			        -video_tech-  "~Luke Smith" Linux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7YOGHUfC1Tb6E4pudI9STA            -video_tech-  "~Mental Outlaw" Linux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCg6gPGh8HU2U01vaFCAsvmQ 	        -video_tech-  "~Chris Titus Tech"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCl2mFZoRqjw_ELax4Yisf6w            -video_tech-  "~Louis Rossmann"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1_2ETBlT3ZFByBB02bR2Lg 	        -video_tech-  ~ElectronicsClub
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8butISFwT-Wl7EV0hUK0BQ 	        -video_tech-  ~freeCodeCamp.org
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCR1IuLEqb6UEA_zQ81kwXfg 	        -video_tech-  "~Real Engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxzC4EngIsMrPmbm6Nxvb-A 	        -video_tech-  "~Scott Manley"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsBjURrPoezykLs9EqgamOA            -video_tech-  ~Fireship
"query:---YOUTUBE HISTORY---:tags # \"-video_history-\""
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdZY83VtDv0WieDHLyXrlNQ            -video_history- ~Dovahhatty
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCR1D15p_vdP3HkrH8wgjQRw            -video_history- "~Internet Historian" best_vids
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8Q7XEy86Q7T-3kNpNjYgwA            -video_history- "~Internet Historian: Incognito Mode"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkmMACUKpQeIxN9D9ARli1Q            -video_history- ~Shadiversity
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUcyEsEjhPEDf69RRVhRh4A            -video_history- "~The Great War"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCP1AejCL4DA7jYkZAELRhHQ            -video_history- "~World War Two"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrfKGpvbEQXcbe68dzXgJuA            -video_history- "~Forgotten Weapons"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCr_Q-bPpcw5fJ-Oow1BW1NQ            -video_history- ~Kraut
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIjGKyrdT4Gja0VLO40RlOw            -video_history- ~Metatron
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCANk4DCsImDX3wlXQ6M1Jdg            -video_history- ~RedEffect
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCK09g6gYGMvU-0x1VCF1hgA            -video_history- "~Military History Visualized"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChImwmytehS5SmlqMkXwoEw            -video_history- "~Military History not Visualized"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkthtrdgWM0ome1DOAW55Xw            -video_history- ~sovietnukes
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChl-XKVVBAzoEVsnbOfpcqw            -video_history- "~Panzer Tank Museum"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxGXULOxa0izkYfumRLHt0w            -video_history- "~Klayton Fioriti Dinos"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOh5Ht3eB4914hMUfJkKa9g            -video_history- "~Moth Light Media"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQoaCXh2vU2_qeUDt25LY-Q            -video_history- "~Paleo analysis"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCaG4CBbZih6nLzD08bTBGfw            -video_history- "~Sabaton History"
"query:---YOUTUBE GAMES---:tags # \"-video_games-\""
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClOGLGPOqlAiLmOvXW5lKbw            -video_games- ~MandaloreGaming best_vids
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCD6VugMZKRhSyzWEWA9W2fg            -video_games- ~SsethTzeentach best_vids
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyfZeYmP1HqRSMEqgrsWTXg            -video_games- ~SsethTzeentach2
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-XXmB9IHCUdteHjgmmsaeg            -video_games- ~UberDanger best_vids
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCd9TUql8V7J-Xy1RNgA7MlQ            -video_games- ~zanny best_vids
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyC6p6HRzT4o666bapXDryQ            -video_games- "~too zanny" best_vids
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQeRaTukNYft1_6AZPACnog            -video_games- ~AsmongoldTV warcraft
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMwJJL5FJFuTRT55ksbQ4GQ            -video_games- "~Asmongold Clips" warcraft
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5gsrZTtWG_AqDFmuq81Q-w            -video_games- "~Rimmy - Downunder Gaming"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCl-9FxBYUjsIsC_FASvhymw            -video_games- ~TommyKay paradox
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpL9w-bCkuuOeuqunT-94BQ            -video_games- ~TommyKayVibe
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC61H-loOmy43jBLKwVugyLw            -video_games- ~TommyKayClips
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBtvdchuXXrYoovpc5fPlSQ            -video_games- ~BikiniBodhi
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8RfCCzWsMgNspTI-GTFenQ            -video_games- "~Luetin09 Warhammer:40k"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmxX0QwCivAbRAXvPbEid8Q            -video_games- ~Baumi
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZzkqgwZC4ebjhcsL44Sbdw            -video_games- "~Stories of Dota"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCaifrB5IrvGNPJmPeVOcqBA            -video_games- ~Kruggsmash
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKr-aOmHkFUg6P9B8A_6jgQ            -video_games- "~Josh Strife Says"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEU5-anXQKJ2HauEusxSH8Q            -video_games- ~ZepLIVE
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCX34tk-noBVC4WVC9qQGyMw            -video_games- ~Nobbel87 warcraft
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgpRORu9JQFC_jtQeQ99hBA            -video_games- ~OTK warcraft
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzJ3EGLJbFcHJJ8r1rNGSJQ            -video_games- ~Pint best_vids
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCq2jigrIGtupbTXiNjq6Wrw            -video_games- ~ZackRawrr warcraft
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3nPaf5MeeDTHA2JN7clidg            -video_games- "~Bellular news" warcraft
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnQC_XGCCI__qrxwgZS27-A            -video_games- ~Bokoen1 paradox
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmKdqsvmV6e7Pwy7N2PMnnA            -video_games- ~iSorrowproductions paradox
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKEHKGXN9i0djB3tGHbfCZg            -video_games- ~ISP paradox
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmkp7Rg6GtSBmExot-v68XQ            -video_games- "~Kaiser Cat Cinema" paradox
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRC6cNamj9tYAO6h_RXd5xA            -video_games- ~RTGame
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLqdi5MHui0yr8D6LFDWBBA            -video_games- "~Wanderbraun"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCU9pX8hKcrx06XfOB-VQLdw            -video_games- ~xisumavoid minecraft
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCR9Gcq0CMm6YgTzsDxAxjOQ            -video_games- ~Grian minecraft
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChFur_NwVSbUozOcF_F2kMg            -video_games- "~Mumbo Jumbo" minecraft
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZ9x-z3iOnIbJxVpm1rsu2A            -video_games- ~iskall85 minecraft
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4O9HKe9Jt5yAhKuNv3LXpQ            -video_games- ~docm77 minecraft
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1GJ5aeqpEWklMBQ3oXrPQQ            -video_games- ~PearlescentMoon minecraft
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCL7xE0SkXfNvnkNK7yDIFvQ            -video_games- ~FireSpark81
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCubCObW93mbrIFoxwNamFFw            -video_games- "~GAME KNIGHT"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwgoZXczzKRm4eurUNL9srg            -video_games- ~LegendofTotalWar
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYajLzQN6ZjGR1LpTZtz9Zw            -video_games- ~PeaseMaker
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-lHJZR3Gqxm24_Vd_AJ5Yw            -video_games- ~PewDiePie
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6nmIJtlMO6DUCvpIEwyM7Q            -video_games- "~Hurricane" warcraft
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRHXUZ0BxbkU2MYZgsuFgkQ            -video_games- "~The Spiffing Brit"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRooOLENVeHLGMK8Z2adZlw            -video_games- "~Retanaru"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWqQ5maGI-JzbbubDJ8Gg2Q            -video_games- "~Beyond Skyrim" mods
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCj21kC5zWeflqmZSMTkA57Q            -video_games- "~Fallout 4: New Vegas" mods
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwMeA6uYyXr7N11tgBXnn8Q            -video_games- "~TESR Skywind" mods
"query:---YOUTUBE MISC---:tags # \"-video_misc-\""
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0intLFzLaudFG-xAvUEO-A            -video_misc- "~Not Just Bikes"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcvfHa-GHSOHFAjU0-Ie57A            -video_misc- "~Adam Something"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkL3IK_pZAfmer9tdXLjXhQ            -video_misc- "~Sacred Cow Shipyards"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5UYMeKfZbFYnLHzoTJB1xA            -video_misc- "~Schaffrillas Productions"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkDtCKtPKlsg-gJO_m5D0mQ            -video_misc- ~Telepurte
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCuyOFiGHWoeLTBmB9bk-qrg            -video_misc- ~/mlp/
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCC3ehuUksTyQ7bbjGntmx3Q            -video_misc- ~Perun
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXswUhoJzkRIqJNqeA6MpYQ            -video_misc- "~TerrilliumV VtM"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCusb0SpT8elBJdbcEJS_l2A            -video_misc- "~Tale Foundry"
"query:---YOUTUBE MUSIC---:tags # \"-video_music-\""
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqGKtkZ8-MlAeTVL0fFAMnw            -video_music- ~StringStorm
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjQhd1APsd5NQhiVZV7GYzg            -video_music- ~Sabaton
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCoFQvZZ3r05HE_JanWmVdnw            -video_music- ~CivilDefenseSpot
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9hyklPZB9-NzkYoipBrDmQ            -video_music- "~Gustavo Steiner"
"---END---"
